level-saver/README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started
### Installation
- pre-requisites
  - Have latest node installed.

```bash
npm config set registry https://registry.npmjs.org/
npm config get reigstry
# if vercel deployment, you need to set the registry to the npmjs.org, ensure it is not set to office registry. if it was, delete node_modules and package-lock.json and run npm install again.

npm install next@latest react@latest react-dom@latest

```



First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.


Deployed here https://vercel.com/prembhaskals-projects/scramble-level-saver 
  login with github.


## Open deployed project
https://scramble-level-saver.vercel.app/

Commit message:

update readme with google console info

level-saver/README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started
### Installation
- pre-requisites
  - Have latest node installed.

```bash
npm config set registry https://registry.npmjs.org/
npm config get reigstry
# if vercel deployment, you need to set the registry to the npmjs.org, ensure it is not set to office registry. if it was, delete node_modules and package-lock.json and run npm install again.

npm install next@latest react@latest react-dom@latest

```



First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.


Deployed here https://vercel.com/prembhaskals-projects/scramble-level-saver 
  login with github.

## Google Drive Backup
- check client id/secret in google cloud console
  - https://console.cloud.google.com/auth/clients/616027423877-n3djbmackb1175jvrd4cmjeco899vnat.apps.googleusercontent.com?inv=1&invt=AbyWIg&project=scramble-level-saver-34027 
  - put it in env variables in vercel.

## Open deployed project
https://scramble-level-saver.vercel.app/
